how about friends here we have the
ingredients to make our cake
pumpkin here as you see we have mass
broken we have a roll of dough
broken that we have bought it that way already
prepared
apart we have 400 grams of pumpkin
400 grams of evaporated milk
130 grams of brown sugar 2 eggs one
spoonful of cinnamon and a pinch like
half a teaspoon of ginger powder
with all these ingredients we are going to
make our delicious cake
pumpkin
here we have the two eggs in the bowl and
Now we add the pumpkin to the pumpkin
we have said before we have cooked 15
minutes
it's important that it costs a little because
if it can not be very hard
there we have a pumpkin we add the
sugar
we add the cinnamon and the ginger
and finally the evaporated milk
for all this we are going to beat well
beaten
we already have the broken dough in the mold
we used a mold that these
unmold the bottom and we have cut a
little that was left over from mass around now
we are simply going to add the mixture
that we have it well beaten
we are going to add it and go to the oven
the oven at 200 degrees about 50 minutes
Let's go there
after 50 minutes in the oven here
we have taken out our cake and now what
let's cool down to cut it to
see how it goes inside
and here we have our cake that has
cooled down we have cut a portion for
what do you see
and look and look at the texture
it's more to the broken dough and the juicy
the pumpkin
and here we have it right now we are going to
enjoy that I hope you have
liked and until next time
goodbye